already to the right rate it's in 14 and
a half minutes and you said what not
said one word
Oh God do something just make contact
there you go you're definitely scaring
her
did you guys call somebody yeah about
300 guys on with the high screen Thanks
hello hey it's me it's Chandler are you
okay yeah I'm fine I'm trap with Jill
whatever what
Oh Pro to the rescue with you
I have no idea what you just said put
Joey on the phone what's up man Oh
WordGirl
oh my god he's trapped in an ATM
vestibule with Jill Goodacre
Charlie listen listen
oh yeah like that thought never entered
my head
okay I'm writing something right now
though I'll go oh good okay I'm senior
year of college on approval table that's
my sister okay okay my weirdest place
would have to be the women's room on the
second floor of the New York City Public
Library oh my god what were you doing in
a library piece what about you
oh um Milwaukee rah Disneyland 1989 it's
a small world after all
way the the ride broke down so Carol and
I went behind a couple of those
mechanical Dutch trip and they fixed the
ride and we were asked never to return
to the Magic Kingdom oh great job oh
come on are you in oh come on all right
uh the weirdest place would have to be
oh the foot of the bed sit back we have
a winner
I just never had a relationship with
that connection you know where you have
to have somebody right there in the
middle of a theme park well it was the
only thing to do there that they'll have
a line I will see I mean Barry would
need to kiss me on a miniature golf
course come on no you said we were
holding up the people behind it and you
didn't marry him because I mean do you
think there are people that go through
life never having